Update all templates to use azd init and azd up instead of azd up --template (#1864)
Azure/azure-dev: templates/todo/projects/csharp-cosmos-sql/README.md

The fastest way for you to get this application up and running on Azure is to use the `azd up` command. This single command will create and configure all necessary Azure resources - including access policies and roles for your account and service-to-service communication with Managed Identities.

1. Open a terminal, create a new empty folder, and change into it.
2. Run the following command to initialize the project.

```bash
azd init --template todo-csharp-cosmos-sql
```

This command will clone the code to your current folder and prompt you for the following information:

- `Environment Name`: This will be used as a prefix for the resource group that will be created to hold all Azure resources. This name should be unique within your Azure subscription.

> 3. Run the following command to build a deployable copy of your application, provision the template's infrastructure to Azure and also deploy the applciation code to those newly provisioned resources.

Reviewer: I would call out `package` instead of `build`. 
```suggestion
3. Run the following command to package a deployable copy of your application, provision the template's infrastructure to Azure and also deploy the application code to those newly provisioned resources.
```
